<!--- @file
  3.1 General Rules

  Copyright (c) 2007-2017, Intel Corporation. All rights reserved.<BR>

  Redistribution and use in source (original document form) and 'compiled'
  forms (converted to PDF, epub, HTML and other formats) with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  1) Redistributions of source code (original document form) must retain the
     above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
     disclaimer as the first lines of this file unmodified.

  2) Redistributions in compiled form (transformed to other DTDs, converted to
     PDF, epub, HTML and other formats) must reproduce the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

  THIS DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED BY TIANOCORE PROJECT "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
  EVENT SHALL TIANOCORE PROJECT  BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
  SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
  PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
  OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
  WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
  OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF
  ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-->

## 3.1 General Rules

The general rules for all EDK II INI style documents follow.

**********
**Note:** Path and Filename elements within the INF are case-sensitive in order
to support building on UNIX style operating systems. Additionally, names that
are C variables or used as a macro are case sensitive. Other elements such as
section tags or hex digits, in the INF file are not case-sensitive. The use of
"..", "../" and "./" in paths and filenames is strictly prohibited.
**********
**Note:** This document uses a backslash "\" character to indicate that a line
that cannot be displayed in this document on a single line. Within the INF
specification, each entry must appear on a single line.
**********

* Multiple INF files may exist in a directory, however either the `FILE_GUID`
  or the `VERSION_STRING` must be unique to the INF file. It is recommended
  that the `BASE_NAME` also be unique (and match the INF filename, as in
  `BaseLib.inf` will use a `BASE_NAME` of BaseLib).

* Text in section tags (text between square brackets) is not case sensitive.

* A section terminates with either another section definition or the end of the
  file.

* To append comment information to any item, the comment must start with a hash
  "#" character.

* All comments terminate with the end of line character.

* Any comment not associated with a defined comment format is considered a
  global comment.

* Global comments must be separated from formatted comments by a blank line.

* Field separators for lines that contain more than one field is the pipe "|"
  character. This character was selected to reduce the possibility of having
  the field separator character appear in a string, such as a filename or text
  string.

**********
**Note:** The only notable exception is the PcdName which is a combination of
the PcdTokenSpaceGuidCName and the PcdCName that are separated by the period "."
character. This notation for a PCD name was used to uniquely identify the PCD.
**********

* A line terminates with either an end of line character or a comment.

* Except for binary "As Built" INF files generated by the tools, when
  processing numeric values, either integer or hex, leading zeros specified in
  the entry may be ignored. For example, 0x00000000000000000000001 can be a
  valid value for a `UINT8` data type, as the actual value is 1 The generated
  binary "As Built" INF file must use zero byte filled in order to specify a
  the length of a `VOID`* PCD value.

* Sections with duplicate tags, such as two section tags: `[BuildOptions]`,
  will be combined by tools, with the second section's content appended to the
  section content that was first in the file.

* Sections with architectural modifiers are appended by tools to section
  content with either the "common" or no architectural modifiers if it
  exists. The combined result is then considered a complete section.

### 3.1.1 Backslash

The backslash "\" character in this document is only for lines that cannot be
displayed within the margins of this document. The backslash character must not
be used to extend a line over multiple lines in the INF file.

### 3.1.2 Whitespace characters

Whitespace (space and tab) characters are permitted between token and field
separator elements for all entries.

Whitespace characters are not permitted between the PcdTokenSpaceGuidCName and
the dot, nor are they permitted between the dot and the PcdCName.

### 3.1.3 Paths for File Names

Note that for specifying the path for a file name, if the path value starts
with a dollar "$" sign character a local MACRO variable is being specified.
White space characters are not permitted in path names.

**********
**Note:** The use of "..", "./" and "../" in a path element is prohibited.
**********

For all EDK II INF files, the directory path must use the forward slash
character for separating directories. (For example, `MdePkg/Include/` should be
specified).

Unless otherwise noted, all file names and paths must be relative to the
directory where the INF file is located.
